This project was inspired by some of my frustrations with the One Laptop
Per Child (OLPC) Give One Get One (G1G1) program for the XO-1 which I
participated in, in late 2007.

I wrote some code for the XO that was never released to the XO community
because I perceived it to be hostile to the level of openness that I
think is required for the project to see genuine success.  That code
will be, in time, released via GitHub.

Prime among those frustrations was the GNU GPL.  That license is
certainly admirable, and was, historically, the inaugural step toward
enlightened licensing.  As the preamble here explains, it has some
deficiencies.

I created the license here to address and resolve my frustrations.  I am
not a lawyer, yet I do, unfortunately, have extensive experiences with
the machinations of the law.

The key idea expressed by this license was inspired by a chemistry
seminar presented by a patent lawyer that I attended some years ago.  He
expressed that the essential right conveyed by intellectual property law
is the right to exclude.  Therefore, any license is, at some level,
immoral, including this license.

Intellectual property law addresses the territorial needs of the selfish.
Therefore, any open source license, including this one, will ultimately
always be inadequate, for altruism is unsupported by the law.  This
license aims to be an improvement on the goal of sharing while excluding
those who are, at heart, thieves.  It is important to realize that a
great deal of theft is perfectly legal, and indeed, is often expected.

The gist of the license, like GitHub, promotes forking.  The goal is to
afford a forked project with the luxury of appropriating legacy code as
its own after some minimum level of overwhelming extension.  This is
expressed by awarding the right to change licensing if so desired.

Anyone familiar with the distinction between class objects and class
instances will be able to easily understand the license.  It is
desireable for this license to be compatible with the GNU licenses, the
numpy license, the python license, and the apache license.  To the
extent that it is not, this author will entertain suggestions for
alteration, and ultimately some forks of the license will result.

Any forks will be called XOA_20XX where XX is the current year or some
future year.  As a final note, unless otherwise explicitly and
justifiably requested, all of my work will carry this license.
